A desperate scramble down gaza's Main
North South Road away from one danger
towards what no one here can know the
idea of a safe refuge in Gaza is a
notion from another time certainly
gaza's hospitals are no longer safe this
is an exodus from its largest one alifa
this doctor insists Israeli troops gave
the order to
evacuate moments they warned whoever was
inside the hospital that they had to
leave except the most wounded the
surgeon and some of the medical and
nursing
staff the wounded on the bets are badly
injured their condition is very bad
because of the lack of medical supplies
and treatments bacteria had started
growing in their feet and allow me to
say there were worms coming out of their
wounds maid bahi was one of the patients
forced to
flee I was next to my friend front door
and they bombed the place next to us so
I got injured me and my cousins and my
other cousin died at alifa hospital
there's no food and no drink we get shot
at the Israelis enter whenever they
want the evacuation began hours earlier
doctors saying Israeli troops gave them
just 1 hour to leave and take patients
and displaced people with them Israel
says the hospital management requested
the evacuation Demons of infants and new
born babies are left without oxygen it
is nothing but a medieval cave it is no
longer a hospital the occupation forces
draw the Medical Teams out of the
hospitals the Palestinian Health
Ministry says five doctors and some
nurses have stayed behind to tend to 126
patients Who Can't Be Moved including 34
premature babies one senior doctor said
they were doomed to die without proper
medical
transfer I call upon the international
organization ations and health
organizations and the United Nations and
the Red Cross again to put pressure on
the occupation Army and work on the
transfer of the premature babies after
days of bombing in the hospital's
vicinity Israel raided it and released
this video with no substantial evidence
supporting its claim that Hamas used the
hospital as a quote Command
Center further south in the direction
the evacuees were heading more bombing
More Death this was the cost of an
Israeli strike in Han Yunis on Saturday
Israel instructed hundreds of thousands
of Palestinians to flee here ahead of
its incursion to the
north now its Army is telling this
City's residents to leave their homes as
well a signal that this ground Invasion
could soon be following ala's doctors
and patients into
Southern make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer